Unknown 0:00
Let's go ahead

Speaker 1 0:11
and All right, thank you. Hand it back over to Matt base, and we will
get

Unknown 0:19
started. We have everybody in the room.

Unknown 0:25
Let's see. We've got Michelle

Unknown 0:35
on the call

Unknown 0:38
here. Thanks everyone. Welcome back.

Speaker 2 0:41
What you'll see with this session will mostly, I mean, I will let
Shoba take over, but just when I set the context, we will be double
clicking on so many things that we touched upon in the morning,
especially all the challenges, all the current state system processes
you have for your treasury services and operations, or your experience
banks, experience with the customers, customer experience with the
bank. So we'll be double clicking into all of that. Clicking into all
of that and then understand more about the applications

Speaker 3 1:07
that are in use today. Perfect. So the way we want to run this session
again. Now, this is about the services, and we are talking about
different products which you service for. So the way we want to run
this session if you can go to the next slide.

Unknown 1:24
Yeah. So

Speaker 4 1:28
when we talk, this meeting is being recorded. This meeting is being
transcribed.

Speaker 3 1:34
So we want to do it at two levels. One, we want to do a, let's say,
maturity assessment of digital Foundation, some part of it we have
already covered when we did the strategy alignment. So you know, what
are those attributes of a digital architecture, which are, which is
basically, which are very critical. So something like UI security, we
talked about entitlement. So some of it we have already covered. Maybe
we will accelerate over there using the input from the strategy
alignment. Then we want to deep dive into current customer journeys on
your product side. So about your, let's say the payment solution,
receivable solutions, and other products. So what we have done is we
have created a template, and we want to populate this template sitting
with you, and we are talking about 22 different line items when it
comes to product and services. So we will move little bit faster than
maturity assessment of digital Foundation, some part of it we have
already covered when we did the strategy alignment. So you know, what
are those attributes of a digital architecture, which are, which is
basically, which are very critical. So something like UI security, we
talked about entitlement. So some of it we have already covered. Maybe
we will accelerate over there using the input from the strategy
alignment. Then we want to deep dive into current customer journeys on
your product side. So about your, let's say the payment solution,
receivable solutions, and other products. So what we have done is we
have created a template, and we want to populate this template sitting
with you, and we are talking about 22 different line items when it
comes to product and services. So we will move little bit faster than
the morning, and I will explain you the template. But before going
into those products and services, I want to just quickly go through
these, if you can go to the next slide, these fundamental, what we
call as foundations, and as you see, lot of it we have already
discussed in the morning. So what we want to do is, just from the
maturity standpoint, quickly populate high, medium, low. And I already
know like lot of it we have discussed in the morning. So we just want
to double click on this. So these are the attributes which basically
cut across the whole architecture and platform. Let me start with the
overall customer experience right now. Customer experience, as I
understand now, it is very SSO dependent, sort of siloed and
fragmented also, and basically at the end of the day for us, it
impacts the digital adoption. So would it be okay to mark the whole
customer experience part? Like, where would you rate the customer
experience, the current experience of customer

Speaker 5 3:34
on exchange? So where are we maturity wise?

Speaker 3 3:37
We're maturity wise. Do you think? Like, is it good badly. Is this

Unknown 3:43
holistically, or are we speaking for Treasury payments?

Speaker 3 3:48
We can do it holistically, like this is also applicable to wealth. I
suppose it is.

Unknown 3:53
It's just it's likely a different

Unknown 3:56
sentiment based on whether you're a treasury

Unknown 3:59
client. Let's do it for both. Then,

Unknown 4:03
first, let's go with tragedy and then go with Well,

Unknown 4:14
I think it's good.
Unknown 4:18
It has the opportunity to be better. Yeah, I community better?

Speaker 6 4:23
Yeah, I think where we have struggle is even since our MVP, we've lost
some capability

Unknown 4:30
since we've deployed it.

Speaker 6 4:36
You know, it's just a maturity I think where we are from a maturity
perspective on the platform. Like we have our primary cash management
services on the platform, we have a business bill pay service on the
platform. We have a trade platform in the application, and we have an
ACH positive pay system in the platform.

Unknown 5:02
We still have another 567,

Speaker 6 5:05
apps that we would like to see in the application.

Unknown 5:10
And so, you know, I think

Speaker 6 5:13
until we can get processes that allow us to more easily get apps
integrated into the system, into the application, folks are kind of,
of the opinion that we haven't met kind of our our initial goal of the
portal to integrate our digital assets. We're now three, four years of
running the pool, and we really haven't added materially additional
apps to it, and it feels like we have several years before we're going
to get all those

Unknown 5:48
apps. So I think from that perspective,

Unknown 5:52
I think folks are a

Speaker 6 5:54
little frustrated that it's taking us as long as it is.

Speaker 1 6:00
So would you consider that a medium maturity is

Speaker 7 6:07
that around our ability to deliver net new experiences, or so versus
current customer experience?
Speaker 3 6:15
Customer experiences are very, very broad, right? What is the
sentiment among your customers like, specifically to make it like more
relative as compared to your competitors. Maybe, where do you think
you you stand? Where does the sentiment of your customer stand? So it
also includes the time to market, speed to market, launching new
capabilities, but at the same time, whatever you have today, in terms
of, you know, the capabilities, the presentation of those capabilities
in the synergy across the architecture, how seamlessly customer can
access. So it's very thematic. Like, we are not looking for the proof
point over here. But what do you think? Like, what does customer think
about the overall experience?

Unknown 6:59
I can speak to that a little bit

Unknown 7:04
Sure, Brad, go ahead.

Unknown 7:06
Yeah, I think, I think

Speaker 8 7:10
the sentiment that we get, and again, this is a lot of this is
anecdotal, but our clients, the feedback that we do get are that they
find the platform unpredictable, maybe it's the best word, where
things things work one day, but they don't work the next day, or they
get an error message, or they have these very kind of transient
moments of instability, where something doesn't work and they have to
log out and they have to log back in. So they, they, they find it very
unpredictable in that manner and that, and that's that's just on the
day to day experience, and it's, it's difficult to reconcile that with
the client, based on the kind of monitoring that we have available and
things like that, which is, I think, another topic. But the other
thing that we get pretty regular feedback is around our our platform
doesn't do some really basic things, and I know that that Kira and
Kelsey and Barrett are well aware of this, but you know, a perfect
example is something that we've been working on and trying to fix is
is just sorting like our clients have a lot of data that they're
looking at online, where there's multiple pages, whether that be pages
of transactions or accounts or users, and our inability to really
present that and be able to sort that and do what they consider To be
absolute, hands down, the most basic internet capabilities, really
frustrates them, and they give us that feedback, even though we might
have all the right products and features that that level of usability
frustration really starts to soak through after they've been on the
platform For, you know, several months or years, or whatever, any

Speaker 3 9:22
a very, very good feedback. And do you think this is because, you
know, the lot of fragmented systems are lying under, under the
exchange, so when it comes to the unpredictability, right? So we are
talking about architecture which is integrated, crisscross, and that
might be leading to the impact on different services that we have
offered to the customer. So if something goes down because exchange is
dependent on the other applications,

Speaker 8 9:53
I have no doubt that that plays into it right, or that we're pulling
data and we're getting information and we're relying on a lot of
downstream applications to to present things. I have no doubt that
that that would be a function of it.

Speaker 3 10:10
Thank you. So like, Would it be fair to say, let's say the you know,
considering the architecture you have, it's like medium to low kind of
maturity on the customer experience plan.

Unknown 10:25
And do you just have the

Speaker 3 10:27
web or the Yeah, so do you have just the web experience or also the
mobile experience from for for the customer?

Unknown 10:35
So we have both in the mobile

Speaker 6 10:39
experience is primarily natively built, with the exception of a
service or two where we've exposed a particular service from bottom
line, directly into our mobile as a Responsive

Unknown 10:55
Design Workspace, but The majority of

Unknown 10:59
the mobile app is native. I

Speaker 3 11:02
think, okay, so the mobile is not then it is not exchange.

Speaker 6 11:08
So, so it is, I mean, we still leverage what Collins teams built from
a native mobile experience perspective with calls that still leverage
the same information from dviq bottom lines application, but they've
they've natively built kind of the UI UX experience, with the
exception of maybe one or Two services within the mobile app. So I
mean, on the
Speaker 9 11:43
mobile app, it is a combination. There's two natively developed apps
by OS and Android. It is a combination of native UX and responsibly
designed dedicated web screens that drive the functionality, both ones
that we've developed and ones that we're just importing from,

Unknown 12:03
right? So it's and

Speaker 3 12:06
there is a parity between the experience on web and mobile.

Speaker 9 12:09
And I don't think we really have a desire for full, complete parity,
because there are some things that are just very cumbersome to do. You
know, approvals are like, one of the most common use cases for mobile,
so we have all of those. Mobile so we have all of those, but there is
definitely limitations in the more complex activities, like user
administration, for instance, like

Speaker 8 12:36
we don't have a lot of that fully baked out. And to be to be fair, I
don't, I don't think that that we are clients, or that we would would
want that right to your point calling that there are certain things
within on the commercial Treasury side, I don't want to speak for
wealth, because I know that they might want to get there eventually
too. But there are things on the on the commercial side that just
aren't suitable for a mobile app. And I think understanding the items
that our users perform with great regularity on the web application
are the things that they want and have asked for on the mobile
application, approvals, quick reviews, overviews, things like that. To
your point, Colin trying to put user administration with the account
of with the type of entitlements that we have would what does that
make sense? I have a

Unknown 13:42
point. Question around mobiweb specifically,

Speaker 1 13:44
and maybe spend a lot of time on it, but I was interested to know what
other clients do from a movie web perspective, historically, we have
seen smaller usage of it, so we

Unknown 13:59
have prioritized a lot of

Unknown 14:01
things around that.
Unknown 14:04
View the movie web is your mobile application

Unknown 14:07
using the regular website. So

Speaker 7 14:19
for customer experience on the wealth side, I would say we're

Speaker 3 14:22
a low can be the reason for that? And one, there's multiple systems
that we're having to

Speaker 7 14:27
do a lot of different things. It's taking a long time. There's a lot
of different groups involved in the setup, which I feel like
consolidated and make sure it's done efficiently and correctly.
There's also the front line is involved in a lot of the initial input,
where I wish we could take it directly from the DocuSign, or do
something that's more automated, because we didn't have human error.
And right now, we're seeing that workarounds that are documented that
call downstream, know what a client did because

Unknown 15:07
can't see it, or we don't have access

Unknown 15:10
to recession. So

Speaker 7 15:11
there's many different avenues, but there's a lot of one option in
like our own business, and we are known for customizing and so a lot
of different scenarios that pop up and but with that, I wish we had
like a source of truth to go to, and right now, like we provided
examples of that, but I think it could be done better.

Speaker 2 15:37
And which system are you talking about when you say that this
experience, though, that the source of truth was there for, is this
for exchange through unity.

Speaker 7 15:47
So the source of truth, I would say, is like, we have examples of what
they're supposed to do. We've done trainings on what they're supposed
to do. We've provided like videos on how to do that. That would be the
source of the truth I'm talking about, but the process in general, I
would say, is what we've shown and documented, and that starts in war
and goes to unity, and then it goes to exchange, so it touches
everything, yeah, yeah. And that's what I'm saying. I think it would
be more efficient and, like, more automated, because all of it is
manual right now, every piece. And they another problem that they have
that we are actively engaged in and trying to work on, is, see, I
actually thought it was quite humorous. Yesterday, we had a call with
Treasury around their latency. And I mean,
to do. We've provided like videos on how to do that. That would be the
source of the truth I'm talking about, but the process in general, I
would say, is what we've shown and documented, and that starts in war
and goes to unity, and then it goes to exchange, so it touches
everything, yeah, yeah. And that's what I'm saying. I think it would
be more efficient and, like, more automated, because all of it is
manual right now, every piece. And they another problem that they have
that we are actively engaged in and trying to work on, is, see, I
actually thought it was quite humorous. Yesterday, we had a call with
Treasury around their latency. And I mean,

Unknown 16:37
they have clients where it takes them 45

Speaker 1 16:39
minutes to load all of their accounts

Unknown 16:43
because they have over 3500

Unknown 16:46
and the vacuum processing is so

Unknown 16:50
slow. So we're really working on that too. I

Unknown 16:51
mean, that's been a huge, huge, awful.

Unknown 16:55
It's terrible. It's just a terrible

Speaker 2 17:00
experience. Is that for applicable for Treasury as well, or

Speaker 7 17:03
so they have some latency, but nothing compared to what do you all
have

Unknown 17:08
1000s of accounts

Unknown 17:11
like that? I mean, 15

Unknown 17:17
seconds was like the worst.

Speaker 7 17:21
Yeah, so when we told him you wanted it down to 35 he was like, that's
way

Unknown 17:27
too long. I agree. But I was like,

Unknown 17:34
right, yeah.

Speaker 2 17:36
And was this a one off incident, or other accounts you've observed
this. It happens a lot

Unknown 17:41
of different clients.

Speaker 7 17:45
I'll say clients are like companies, so our company levels, so I would
say there's multiple company levels, and it happens at the user
experience. And so it's not only the back end user that is effective,
but it's also the actual client, or the client user that's

Speaker 3 18:05
locked in each time. Let's move on to the employee experience now from
the maturity standpoint, because I believe, like with other banks, all
of these options are very RL dependent, right? So what kind of
experience you're providing to your RMS or back office ops? Is that
experience integrated front to back? Does that experience have parity
with what your customer is seeing? Customer is doing? We a

Unknown 18:34
lot of times do work arounds for our back office users,

Unknown 18:38
because they're not the client.

Unknown 18:42
And so I know, just for

Unknown 18:44
capturing value statements for certain items, there's

Unknown 18:47
a lot of stuff

Unknown 18:48
that we can time save on, but

Speaker 5 18:51
they're having to do lots of work arounds just to keep their process

Speaker 2 18:55
going. Can you give an example of one of these workarounds? Anything?
Yes, I mean,

Speaker 7 19:06
like, I know, for Wells we have, like, we get these security
Unknown 19:13
I mean, we work tickets sometimes

Speaker 5 19:16
for an hour and a day to just clear up

Unknown 19:19
something from someone for our security.

Unknown 19:23
Someone we have to go into off the clear

Unknown 19:26
stuff, just little workarounds that add

Unknown 19:29
up that.

Speaker 7 19:30
Oh, here's a good one. So work right now. So like our workflow that
starts so the process to submit paperwork that goes from work to
exchange has a like in between place called WsL, the wealth service
layer. So right now, like anything that's initiated by the client, by
the BDA or the bank, find admin, so client goes in and adds a user or
edits a user's capability. Right now, it's not going all the way
through to exchange to actually make the change. Right now, it's
getting stuck in a pending status where we can't make any adjustments.
So any Back Office user is

Unknown 20:12
involved in this process

Speaker 7 20:14
isn't able to take any action, and so we're having to go to the team
to ask them, Hey, can you go ahead and unlock these or get them out of
that pending status so we can look at the form, see what was
requested, and update this form for it. And so it's a long process,
and so there's anywhere from 30 to 90 different changes that we're
updating,

Unknown 20:39
like every four days,

Speaker 2 20:41
and what team gets involved to help solve this and just these
barriers, yeah, I

Unknown 20:46
mean, it's, we're
Speaker 4 20:49
exchange Tier support. Brief, okay, so we're supposed to be the last
tier.

Unknown 20:57
I have questions

Unknown 20:58
around how we fix those

Speaker 4 21:00
and what potential downstream impacts that causes, too, because we do
have a way to fix them, what we

Unknown 21:05
think, but I don't know that

Speaker 2 21:10
it really fixes. It's just a work. Yeah, yeah. That's why I was
wanting to know more about workarounds, because they will only last
you so long, because until they stop working

Speaker 3 21:21
from the interface perspective, let's talk about front to back. RM has
one application, or RM works on these different applications. For
example, either they directly interact with bottom bottom line, and
maybe for wealth, wealth, RM interacts with two or three different
applications. Or do you have some sort of a consolidated layer for RL,

Unknown 21:46
so Adam would be the actual client, so

Speaker 7 21:50
client submits documentation, and then that documentation goes to the
admin or the frontline, whoever their relationship representative is,
and then from there, they have the choice to either submit the work
form or send it to my team, which is, well, the change support, and
they'll actually go in and the work form for them or on their behalf.
But that's how the process gets started. Is we're collecting actual
paperwork and then just initiating accurate data entry.

Unknown 22:20
Is that all collected in Salesforce? Or do you have another

Speaker 7 22:24
so they're collecting it mainly through DocuSign, and then once it
goes to DocuSign, like they're just uploading it, we use Microsoft
forms. They upload it there, and that's how we're
Speaker 3 22:36
tracking it, but simple servicing operations and well, like you know,
if client want to understand the portfolio, or have some question
around his their portfolio, then where would RM fetch all those
details?

Speaker 7 22:50
They would go to their relationship manager, so that frontline
support,

Speaker 3 22:55
or my question is now relationship manager, look into those details,
like which application?

Speaker 7 23:02
Oh, they would go to UNC to see any details about their accounts, any
details, and they can access it themselves, right using exchange. We
also have well exchange support there as Client Servicing, so they can
call into an 833, number, or they can email us. So we do have those
services available where they can call in, but if it's detailed, like
specific to their account, why was it set up this way? They have to go
to the relationship manager. But if it's just, where's this
transaction, or how do I navigate the system, we're able to help

Speaker 2 23:36
them. So there's an interface for an RM from pokf side for them to see
what the customer is doing on unity, or to help them any issue that
they see on

Speaker 7 23:48
Unity, we cannot emulate them in unity, okay? So we usually use teams
and have to share their screens. Okay, that's been the best way we can
emulate an exchange. So for the most part, we can get where we need to
like, it's as far as like. Maybe it's user error with putting the
wrong filter in for statements, something like that, we can resolve
through emulation. But if it's actually in Unity or about the details,
we will have to have them share their screen.

Speaker 3 24:18
And how do we do that in Treasury, similar kind of situation?

Speaker 6 24:24
No, I mean the exchange and DB IQ underlying services have pretty deep
emulation capability, like you have. You only type reporting for
service other groups. Now, as you go into certain apps, like if you go
into a bill pay SSO, or something like that, you can't emulate that
particular app, and there's screens within that app, so you may have
to, you may have to use a WebEx type scenario to view something unique
in one of the underlying SSO gaps for Exchange and the primary online
banking services delivered by bottom line, those are all
Unknown 25:14
you can emulate virtually all the screens or you have view

Speaker 6 25:18
only availability to internal groups that need you only access to
certain things.

Unknown 25:26
Okay, yeah, so I know from from back office, yeah,

Unknown 25:30
we have,

Speaker 7 25:32
and they've gotten a lot better. But it used to be you would have, you
wouldn't save the accounts. You'd have to click over here and then
come back and re add it and save it, but the one that that they've got
going on right now that they just sent me was with FX wires.

Unknown 25:48
They have to actually go into dviq to update it, because it won't save

Speaker 3 25:56
it in exchange. So it's like the back office has to access multiple
systems. Okay? That's a

Unknown 26:02
challenge. I

Speaker 7 26:04
know it has gotten better. Initially, there was a ton and it

Unknown 26:08
was okay, hard to

Speaker 3 26:10
keep up with it, but still, there is no front to back integrated
platform like so, from RM to the back office like these, little
juggling between multiple applications to do certain operations,
right?

Speaker 2 26:25
So overall maturity, how would you rate it for employee experience,
for Treasury and for wealth?

Unknown 26:32
Just high level. I

Speaker 6 26:33
mean, I think that's Michelle and Perry's group, because they're the
heaviest internal users of

Unknown 26:43
at least from a treasury perspective,

Unknown 26:46
exchange

Unknown 26:53
and ddiq services. Michelle,

Speaker 4 26:57
I didn't hear the question comment or rob commented on repeat that
please right here, whoever

Speaker 6 27:06
the one talking they're asking for feedback about the employee
experience and use

Unknown 27:14
of the exchange portal and underlying services like vdiq on the

Speaker 6 27:22
portal, do teams have issues in using, from an internal perspective,
those applications, using emulation, using view only services within
The platform?

Speaker 4 27:40
Yeah, I think overall, I think the utilization and the employee
experience is a good one. It's just the amount of clicks that we have
to go to, you know, to get from screen to screen, and then any
challenges that we may run into with what a customer is seeing versus
what we can see or able to see. So, I mean, there's always opportunity
for a better experience from an employee perspective and an efficiency
perspective, right? We can't go to just one place to see everything,
you know. We've got to go into the different entitlements by the user,
the admin, you know, payments, all of the different features and
functionality within the platform. We've got to go to different areas
to support the client or even to do research. There's things we have
access to. There's things we are very dependent on during Alan scene
for you know, and there's a reason for that from a dual control
perspective, you know, there's things that I'd like us to self service
without having to engage Terry's team right to keep it closer to the
client, but we've got to balance that risk and reward there. So I
think there's opportunities in general, across the board.

Speaker 2 28:52
Are there extensive trainings required from items, from employees, to
be able to figure these problems out across these multiple
applications is that,
Are there extensive trainings required from items, from employees, to
be able to figure these problems out across these multiple
applications is that,

Speaker 4 29:06
you know, when we when we have a situation come up, whether it's an
customer experience or an employee experience, we open up a an
incident ticket, it will and then from there, it goes to the
appropriate group, and I will say having Amy and her role, says
tickets. And Amy care gave me on this she will. She's already helped
us navigate one specific situation by put providing us with tools and
learning and training on how we can self service items that we were we
didn't believe we could, and it was truly a matter of understanding
and a matter of a lack of training in the tools. So I think, as we
continue down that path, when we see that there's a problem and we
follow our normal escalation protocol, you know, with Amy and her
team, anything that they can identify to help us, I'm all for that.
You know, give us the training, give us the resources, give us the
tools, give us the access so that we can self source it without having
to take that extra step and be very dependent on somebody else to do
that

Speaker 2 30:10
for us. Yeah, and just for context, Amy's team would be, she's talking
about Kelsey, yeah.

Unknown 30:20
All right, okay, yeah, exchange

Speaker 2 30:23
tier three. Okay, okay, thank you.

Speaker 3 30:27
Yeah, I think we have a good context on employee. Now, moving to the
next one UI we discussed in the morning, right? So that was one of the
strategic objective, to have the UI consistency. So I would skip that
one until, unless. If there is any additional thing you want to
mention

Speaker 7 30:46
for an employee experience, I would say it's like a medium like, yeah,
for us on the wealth side, it's great as far as, like, simplicity,
because there's not a lot right now, I'm just concerned about, once we
start adding more products, yeah, and it's going to get a little
cluttered, yeah. And, I mean, that would be with anything, and there's
always room for improvement. And this, we need to focus on our hybrid
clients too, though, because I think,

Unknown 31:13
though, I don't know that we have

Speaker 1 31:16
enough to how a treasury setup and the wealth set up affect each other

Unknown 31:21
and all the different use cases that we

Unknown 31:23
even understand, the population we don't like.

Speaker 1 31:27
What is truly on, what is truly a hybrid?

Unknown 31:30
How many customers do we have right

Unknown 31:33
what makes sense to bring over? What apps do

Unknown 31:35
they like use? Do we have the count,

Speaker 7 31:39
not the percentage? I finally pulled a dashboard. And so he does have
access to that and to where he had it, but you can reach out to Riley
young and ask him for that. I want to say it's her online access, or
digital Wealth Access, something like that dashboard, but it gives a
breakdown. How many are treasury? How many are well on exchange, and
how many are both? It does that too.

Speaker 1 32:05
It will also be like some level of compare, not on the one side, but
on the Treasury side, right or specific. But yeah, it

Unknown 32:13
would be interesting to know the crossover. I can look forward I might

Speaker 3 32:22
have might Okay moving on UI. I will skip because we already discussed
during strategy, alignment, I think administration, complexity, sewage
chair, that is also we have discussed. So I will skip that. I want to
discuss the security and fraud.

Unknown 32:40
So what is the situation of fraud here?

Speaker 2 32:45
Bigger umbrella, so we can go into specific umbrella,

Speaker 3 32:47
and I'm not just talking about the identity and the login, but have
there been fraud incidents?
Unknown 32:56
So I think what we've seen the most impactful fraud

Speaker 6 33:01
more recently, is business email compromise and some spoofing that
we've seen for where our commercial clients get calls from a
fraudster, bad actor, where they've spoofed our phone number for Bank
of Oklahoma. So what appears on our clients caller IDs, or whatever
appears to be the fact that they're receiving a call from the bank and
the bad actor attempts to try to convince a client

Unknown 33:39
credentials online that allow them to

Speaker 6 33:44
perform some sort of account takeover. And so today, the primary tools
are Okta for access and authentication and step up. But
organizationally, our information security. Data Security team also
takes logging from the Okta application and audit logs from the online
system to be able to produce indicators where we have a bad actor who
is either attempting to or has compromised an account, and so those
are the two probably most impactful types of fraud that we're seeing.
I would I would say we're probably while while, I think everybody
feels like we have plenty of that to work from

Unknown 34:43
a from a competitor perspective?

Speaker 6 34:46
Yeah, I don't think we're experiencing to the extent level some other
financial institutions experience account takeover fraud,

Unknown 34:55
but we still have one for sure. Yeah,

Speaker 3 34:57
but then do you think that you have all the right mechanisms in place
to prevent these kind of fraud, like, what is your fraud in general?
Like Okta, I understand, but so from a who identifies these patterns
for transactional monitoring on the back end and enterprise level

Speaker 6 35:18
for payments, most of what we look at that interrogate session level
type activity is more homegrown that we've developed internal tools to
be able to kind of look at anomalous section session type activity on
a platform.

Unknown 35:37
But there's, I
Speaker 6 35:39
don't think there's anything that you would ask, are you doing
everything you can? Are there not opportunities in this space? Because
the bad actors are pretty creative in coming up with different ways to
attempt to gain access to online accounts, whether social

Unknown 35:59
engineering or it

Speaker 1 36:06
has to be, and the UV keys have come up several times right as a fish
resistant, but it's a hard token, right, that has to be

Unknown 36:15
used. So just staying

Speaker 1 36:18
secure in a way that customers will also buy into right? So, you know,
the grumbling about having to go back to some type of discipline
token, it's

Unknown 36:31
tough to think through how we would even do that.

Unknown 36:35
So it's not to say we couldn't do

Speaker 6 36:39
it like we still, we still support physical tokens for multi factor.
We have multiple methods of delivering out of band from a multi factor
perspective, the YubiKey that was mentioned just a minute ago is is
another solution that could be made available. But I think we kind of
look at those as, like, we spent a long time supporting physical
tokens. And, you know, the fulfillment and distribution and reissuance
of physical tokens is a, you know, it's a

Unknown 37:17
laborious effort. And so, you

Speaker 6 37:21
know, we look at those options, you know, and really question whether
or not we want to go down that road again. And to be fair, some of our
commercial customers aren't open to it, like you tell a commercial
customer, you know, you need to plug this into your local device. Some
of our commercial customers are going to say that's outside of our
security policy. We need another mechanism for you guys to

Speaker 3 37:47
provide online security. No, I understand. I mean, that's like going
five years back, right? So that's not really an option. But speaking
more from the standpoint of, you know, these fraud engines which are
able to track down these patterns create, basically the risk scores,
different risk profile, and then the identity should be able to digest
those risk profiles. So to give you an example, right if, if the risk
profile is, let's say, between high to medium, and if your identity
provide online security. No, I understand. I mean, that's like going
five years back, right? So that's not really an option. But speaking
more from the standpoint of, you know, these fraud engines which are
able to track down these patterns create, basically the risk scores,
different risk profile, and then the identity should be able to digest
those risk profiles. So to give you an example, right if, if the risk
profile is, let's say, between high to medium, and if your identity
system Okta says that OK, this is high to medium on certain
parameters, and it completely shuts down the customer. That is also
not correct, because then you are trading off between the customer
experience, right? So maybe that might be risky for a certain kind of
operation. So is so your fraud engines should be in sync with your
identity solution, and then there should be a proper slicing and
dicing of those risk scores, and accordingly, your identity should
restrict certain excesses.

Speaker 6 38:47
In order to do that, though, on the near real time basis, kind of the
user activity has to be supplied to that fraud engine, not only from
your platform, but our online banking service providers platform, or
any other ancillary SSO application, and that's difficult to do, to
get all of those sources and to correlate all that information in near
real time and

Unknown 39:15
discord, Yeah.

Unknown 39:19
From that perspective,

Speaker 3 39:21
yeah, but it's still like, how would you rate if you look at your
current security and fraud situation? Like, of course, you can't claim
yourself highly secure right at the same time it is the situation with
all the other banks as well.

Speaker 6 39:36
I think, I think it's medium to medium to strong. I think there's
definitely opportunities at a session monitoring level where, where we
could benefit from more tools than what we have. But I think, you
know, the security is very layered, and I think we've got a lot of
good layers session level monitoring, you know, multi factor where we
require step up and multi factor authentication within workflows where
we require dual user, you know, approval workflows or payment
services. And so I guess I

Speaker 3 40:22
would from somewhere, can we get the data, like, how many incidents do
you have yearly or monthly fraud domain? What I can then benchmark it
against our other customers, and can provide you a view that you know,
where do you stand as against other customers in the
Speaker 6 40:39
States? I mean, I mean, I'd asked Brian, and I think he just put
something in the chat like he's probably more him and Jeremy are both
more involved in the day to day what they're seeing.

Unknown 40:56
I by no means think we have a

Speaker 6 40:59
low security application. And I think even if you think you have a
high security application, there's always improvements you can make
from a security perspective. But I'd ask Brian or Jeremy if they have

Speaker 9 41:15
another people being tricked customers. Although we do post religion,
there are, I think, higher than normal, attempts to compromise them,
places where the technology has failed.

Speaker 8 41:42
Yeah, I agree. I agree, if there was one area for for improvement, I
would say, and this is probably true everywhere it would be to reduce
the amount of false positives like that is that's the that's where,
where you spend a lot of time and energy that doesn't end up paying
off. So honing in on our monitoring and reducing false positives,
which is no simple task, is probably where I would argue we would want
to focus our energy on.

Speaker 2 42:14
Are there any initiatives underway or planned to solve for some of
these challenges? I think

Speaker 6 42:22
I broadly, when you talk about initiatives focused on reducing fraud,
absolutely, you know, I think there's lots of different areas,
organizationally, we're looking at where we can reduce fraud that
isn't explicitly like the online channel. What can we do within the
online app? What can we do technology wise, from the online app, I
mean, at an enterprise perspective, we are working and looking at
deploying a new enterprise fraud service for that would do BSA ML type
transactional monitoring, as well as like card, commercial card,
consumer

Unknown 43:06
debit card,

Unknown 43:09
and so that is a really large

Unknown 43:12
focus and initiative within

Speaker 6 43:15
the bank to deliver a new enterprise solution there. Because today, I
mean today, we use exceeds, exceeds for

Unknown 43:26
can be used

Speaker 3 43:29
in scenes for analytics for years and years. Let's move on. Yeah, from
wealth perspective, like, Do you have a different take on fraud? We
haven't really had as much

Speaker 7 43:42
as impacted. I don't know why by this yet, and we're not doing so.
We're not making money. We're not our

Speaker 3 43:57
application yet, okay, I think data and analytics also we have
discussed in the morning. So I will skip that for now, performance and

Speaker 2 44:05
data and analytics. I just wanted to confirm overall, from a treasury
perspective and from a wealth perspective, if we were to

Unknown 44:13
classify some sort of maturity level there

Speaker 3 44:17
in the morning, at idle, we talked about the that there needs to be
the consolidation of data right now because of multiple applications,
that there are fragmented data sources. There is no single source of
truth.

Unknown 44:28
I mean, we're getting ready to

Unknown 44:32
rewrite our VW will not rewrite it again.

Speaker 7 44:40
Sorry. No. Our team specifically, where we have to make this treatment
based on data we have no access to anything I know here is working on
getting us

Unknown 45:02
awful, awful. Is awful. Maybe I shouldn't

Unknown 45:05
have asked that question,

Speaker 7 45:08
like, What are you talking about when you say an access when I like

Speaker 1 45:13
to understand which of our which applications are used the most, which
ones are locked in, the most, which of our companies are utilizing
exchange more than others. Should we focus on

Unknown 45:31
them? How are people interacting

Speaker 7 45:35
with it? Yeah, I guess I thought last box. Oh, that's right.

Unknown 45:42
So

Speaker 9 45:42
depends on what

Unknown 45:50
types of questions direct access to

Unknown 45:59
use code so organizationally

Speaker 6 46:03
built quite a bit from the data perspective and data visualization
tools like Power BI to look at data,

Unknown 46:13
but I think you'll find

Speaker 6 46:16
from group to group, and even From have to have varying degrees of
access to the availability to the data. I think when we look at the
data that we can access from the online perspective, we have some
obvious limitations, but we also have access to billing data that tell
us around products and services that we built, or that clients are
currently set up for. So we have some but to say that that we're in a
good position, Data Wise, I would say we're not very

Speaker 3 46:59
mature. I really with the data show you should be able to create the
whole customer journey, connecting different apps, different touch
points. You might have some here and there, but you are not able to
connect and reconcile all of those.
Speaker 10 47:12
Okay, here, I'm sorry. What about Audi?

Unknown 47:15
I think that's just that's a real point.

Speaker 6 47:24
I think because we have, we have audit data that comes from our access
and authentication provider, Okta, and we have audit data that comes
from back base, then we have audit data that comes from our underlying
applications like eviQ or some other SSO application. So if you have a
if you have a fraud event, that you need to be able to kind of look at
and trace, you know, all of the activity that occurred and who did
what, when in the application, you're correlating audit data from
multiple pods that make it extremely difficult

Speaker 10 48:03
and extremely tough. Many times, there is no connection between

Speaker 1 48:07
finding a consistent data point to be able to do that

Unknown 48:13
same issues with migrations, right, finding a way

Unknown 48:19
to have a one field right?

Speaker 3 48:26
So move to the next one, that is performance and stability. And we
briefly talked about the latency, but Manu, I'm not sure if you have
any questions around performance and stability.

Speaker 6 48:38
Cut back on the audit. But how do you see banks solving that problem,
because we can't be the only bank that is a user of a separate access
authentication provider, a separate plural provider, a separate app or
SSO that's involved in the like, how are, how are other banks kind of
solving the audit challenge.

Speaker 10 49:01
So when it comes to the SSO, there's a different challenge, because
you're not in many ways, you're not

Unknown 49:09
you're just handing over from one

Unknown 49:13
system to the other. So you will need to
Unknown 49:19
reestablish you in many ways, this

Unknown 49:24
goes hand in hand.

Unknown 49:25
Technically, we covered

Speaker 10 49:26
one security as well. When you hand over from one system to the other,

Unknown 49:34
one component to the other,

Speaker 10 49:38
so it gets accounted for. So whatever the internal token, or whichever
way the so there's the external token that is used for the customer
authentication, it's tied to an internal token. So an internal token
gets passed around from one system to the other, so that internal
token is then used to establish that connectivity from one system to
the other.

Speaker 6 50:04
So is it incumbent upon us to work with each application to figure out
how they track that token

Unknown 50:14
within

Speaker 10 50:15
their own audit? So the we talk about internal token, this is not just
about

Unknown 50:21
a piece of information. This also have

Speaker 10 50:25
information related to whether it's a post grade or fine print,
anything, so mostly the post grade entitlements, so it gets instead of
going back and looking into the system affecting the performance. So
these are all tied around, like when it comes to audit, when it comes
to security, it comes to performance, kind of performance kind of
thing. Every time going back to the entitlement center and check, what
does the entitlement for this particular user to access a particular
functionality, these internal tokens will have these post,
independent, intimate so that, like when it gets passed around, it is
automatically there so it does not so in that way, it increases the
performance capability as well and the auditability of who did what.
So you follow the token around from one system to the other, then you
can establish a timeline on what that particular user has access
does the entitlement for this particular user to access a particular
functionality, these internal tokens will have these post,
independent, intimate so that, like when it gets passed around, it is
automatically there so it does not so in that way, it increases the
performance capability as well and the auditability of who did what.
So you follow the token around from one system to the other, then you
can establish a timeline on what that particular user has access

Speaker 6 51:25
to have these banks then natively developed a portal level audit that
aggregates it From the authentication provider back base to

Speaker 10 51:41
in many cases, what happens is, like some outside systems, the third
party systems, they will have their own internal token. So what
happens is that, like when you hand over from one system to the other,
there will be a way to establish that connection between whatever that
they are using to the one that is equal

Unknown 52:00
is.

Speaker 10 52:03
So the idea is like, how we can focus on like in establishing that
connectivity from one system to the other.

Unknown 52:13
I think we can do it. It's just very manual.

Unknown 52:18
You will do it on Excel.

Speaker 10 52:22
But really, but really, a lot of the times when you have the logs and
you use utilities like Splunk and things like that, you will be able
to establish that connectivity from one system to the other. There is
an established open that you can connectivity. Order that you can
connect to. Well,

Unknown 52:54
even on it, for us, we've had to build work

Speaker 3 52:58
around we shall we move on? I have a lot of other topics. We have just
one hour left, right, and anyways, only you will be discussing it in
detail tomorrow, right? Okay, so moving on to performance and
disability. We talked about latency, yeah, but also about like, Are
there any down times in on Exchange, or any of the service that
customer is accessing? Or any other performance or load issues,

Speaker 6 53:29
yeah. So maybe specifically, I know we talked about maintenance
banners earlier, like that being a primary use case. How often would
you say that that's something you go in and enable? Feel like we put
up a maintenance banner related to an upgrade or there's some planned
outage once, once a product committee, once every two months,
Unknown 53:47
depending on the time of year, as a quarter in

Unknown 53:51
we're also cloud based, with three, three

Speaker 6 53:56
data centers, so From that standpoint, we're pretty redundant, but
there are unplanned outages that have occurred once this year that
we've learned from that last comment, support load under performance
and stability is also there are we'll have upticks and specific
issues, like we talked about the security, registration email, so it
kind of will ebb and flow, kind of what the flavor of it is,

Unknown 54:31
until we fix it. This is near and dear to

Unknown 54:33
my heart. Are you using the computer right, like

Speaker 10 54:37
pods and things like that? So you will be. Do you have the when it
comes to the marketing? Both those apartments at

Speaker 6 54:45
70, we have New Relic that will monitor kind of more high level and
cons in here. Do you mind backing up both we have New Relic for
monitoring kind of the How are the containers doing? How is their
outages or uptick and failed calls? And then we'll also have other
things in place to kind of monitor. We also have ServiceNow tickets,
so that's usually what I see. So if there's a trend over a couple of
days, I'll be able to kind of put it together, like, okay, seeing this
a lot, and I know there's probably some things I'm forgetting, that we
use modern platform, but does

Speaker 10 55:28
it automatically scale up so we don't have everything set up for auto
scaling many

Speaker 9 55:32
things to the issue that we found is that our failure point isn't
Usually CPU or memory.

Unknown 55:37
It's like something, some

Speaker 9 55:42
kind of it's like something, some kind of transactional constraint,
the pod will stop responding before that. But in any case where that's
the case, the pod will currently scale up to basically handle heat
capacity. I don't think we have a lot of problems with what we should
consider conventional uptime. Generally speaking, it's that the
platform is up and running, but a part of it breaks for some reason,
or downstream of it has stopped working, and then the first symptom of
it is that something in exchange breaks. But we use synthetic
kind of it's like something, some kind of transactional constraint,
the pod will stop responding before that. But in any case where that's
the case, the pod will currently scale up to basically handle heat
capacity. I don't think we have a lot of problems with what we should
consider conventional uptime. Generally speaking, it's that the
platform is up and running, but a part of it breaks for some reason,
or downstream of it has stopped working, and then the first symptom of
it is that something in exchange breaks. But we use synthetic
monitoring to try to log into the platform every couple of minutes
from a few different regions of the country, and you have application
performance

Speaker 10 56:28
monitoring running all thoughts when you run into those issues. Does
it automatically bring up a page that say, perfect this particular

Unknown 56:35
function? Or is it like it doesn't get

Speaker 9 56:37
sophisticated? I mean, it will alert people on our operation see if
there's a problem, and they can go start triaging it, but it doesn't
do anything

Speaker 10 56:47
from the customer notifications, so that that also affects the
customer experience.

Speaker 5 56:51
Yes, because more than nine times out of 10 the clients coming to us
and saying, I can't do X, Y and Z, and then we're like, oh, we have a
problem.

Speaker 9 57:03
The issue is that, because the things people are doing time sensitive,
that basically, if something breaks and it's like sending a wire,
like, we'll get the alert, like, when people are calling when at the
same time. So it's like, if people have to respond to try to get from
that phone call, it's not really humanly possible, because they happen
to

Speaker 8 57:28
all, it's not really accessibility or the feedback may back me up, but
feedback that we get pretty often is one of the pieces of feedback
that we get is that something happens very transitory in a client's
experience they're doing, it breaks, it doesn't work, and it only
happens for A short period of time, and then it comes back. And that
feeds that that client experience that I was talking about earlier,
where clients just sort of view it as unpredictable and kind of janky,
because it works for a while, but then it doesn't work, and they don't
even call. To Brooke's point, we have trained our clients not even to
call when something breaks the first or maybe even the second time,
because we train them to go back in and try it a third time, and maybe
it'll work. I'd really love to get to a place where we could
understand those really short outages where we either pivot and fix
something or don't and it magically comes back up. But that feeds a
lot into our client experience. I think.
happens for A short period of time, and then it comes back. And that
feeds that that client experience that I was talking about earlier,
where clients just sort of view it as unpredictable and kind of janky,
because it works for a while, but then it doesn't work, and they don't
even call. To Brooke's point, we have trained our clients not even to
call when something breaks the first or maybe even the second time,
because we train them to go back in and try it a third time, and maybe
it'll work. I'd really love to get to a place where we could
understand those really short outages where we either pivot and fix
something or don't and it magically comes back up. But that feeds a
lot into our client experience. I think.

Unknown 58:47
Thank you for that.

Unknown 58:49
Client knows

Speaker 5 58:50
before they call, they better clear their cash and cookies, restart
their browser, they need to shut everything down, they need to do all
these things, because if they call us, we're gonna ask them to do all
of those things.

Unknown 59:02
Yeah.

Speaker 3 59:05
That reminds me of my my GP in Netherlands, whenever I call them for
my fever. Interesting, the same,

Unknown 59:13
yeah, and

Speaker 8 59:17
it's a good point, Brooke, and it's painful that they are clients
doing that just because

Speaker 3 59:27
let's move to the next one. That is the accessibility to bank. And
what we mean by that is, if at any point of time, customer has to
reach out to, let's say, RM, or any specialized team, can they do it
on the digital platform, or do they always have to pick up the phone?
They call their email, they call our email, but on the exchange, is
there any sort of chat? No chat, no live chat, no secure messaging
within

Unknown 59:56
is that by design

Speaker 6 59:59
we've talked about and looked at chat for off and on. For a

Unknown 1:00:07
while, we used to offer that anywhere.
Speaker 10 1:00:15
Okay, so what if they need to share like sensitive information? Kind
of thing is that email or what other thinking

Speaker 5 1:00:24
they're going to call their treasury nine times out of 10. They're
going to call their treasury client service professional, because
we're their day to day support. They know us. They know that that's
their path of escalation, and so they're going to call us. And from
there, I mean, we have a whole triage and system outage situation,
like, there's a bunch of questions and things we have to ask to
determine, is this really a system outage? Is this just a product
disability? Like, kind of, what's going on, and then from there,
depending on what's going on, we've got chat escalations that we can
go into, teams, channels and things like that. Like, to Barrett point,
we'll submit a snow ticket, just kind of, depending what's going on,
we will screen share with the client. So part of our triage procedures
is that you get in a teams call with your client, if you get a video
recording of the problem that your client is having, because it's it's
not beneficial for me to, like, go do this screen share with this
client, see all these things, and then try to have a third party
decipher that, to the product team, to Barrett's team, for them to
understand, oh, this is exactly where they Oh, that's what they did.
They didn't click that button right there. Now I see what's happening,
or this browser is out of whack. They shouldn't even be in that
browser. They need to go in over here. That's the problem they're
having. So it'll be a teams recording, and then from there, the tcsp
will engage product support and or, depending if it's not product
support, because again, we have different products that go different
triage ways. We may do a snow ticket to that department, just

Unknown 1:01:55
production support, just in general. How do our

Unknown 1:02:00
clients give us data,

Speaker 9 1:02:02
and I think for that purpose, we use box.com today we're moving to
OneDrive file sharing, so we have secure means for clients to give us
files for a variety of

Speaker 5 1:02:18
purposes. We've just chosen not to enable that point, email
encryption. We use that as well, and we do have box

Speaker 3 1:02:29
but last one is visibility and tracking. I think so. From the
customer's view, they might be doing ACH wires. Are they able to view
and track the status of their operations. It might be from the
customer's view, if they have initiated a payment. I'm just giving an
example, can they view and track the status of the operation that they
have requested from the bank? Yeah, maybe buyer, and that is through
the DB IQ, right?
but last one is visibility and tracking. I think so. From the
customer's view, they might be doing ACH wires. Are they able to view
and track the status of their operations. It might be from the
customer's view, if they have initiated a payment. I'm just giving an
example, can they view and track the status of the operation that they
have requested from the bank? Yeah, maybe buyer, and that is through
the DB IQ, right?

Unknown 1:03:05
But they can see it on the exchange, yes.

Unknown 1:03:08
Can they do the same thing with problems?

Unknown 1:03:16
No. I mean, they

Speaker 10 1:03:19
have launched a dispute claim, but then the status of the dispute is,
there

Speaker 5 1:03:24
are they can't see any of that. Like, if they were to, like, say
something was fraudulent, we had to dispute that and do it that day.
That would be us keeping in contact with the client, letting them know
where we're at in

Unknown 1:03:35
the process. Okay,

Speaker 3 1:03:38
also for the existing customer, if they're requesting for a new
product, nowhere they can see on exchange that what is the status we
are there in the process. Okay, yeah, I think we are good with this
one. So we move to the next one, which is very specific to the product
treasury, product portfolio. And this is basically what we developed
looking at your website, right? So if you see these are different
product lines, and you know, some of them might not be really product
line, but more like services, but I have captured it over here. And
the reason we have these things, these products and services over
here, is because I want to move them one by one, and have a good
feedback on you know, what are the challenges from the customer
perspective or from the employee perspective, right? So we have
accounted reporting that is mostly like account, viewing of the
account, looking at the balances, looking at the transactions. Then we
have these payment solutions that is that is ACH business payment,
consolidated pay was wires, cards, then receivables, RDC, lock box,
cash for liquidity, CPS suite, and then we have fraud and risk, and
then the administration part, the one that you see highlighted in
blue, that I have prioritized for our focus, because that is where I
think today that you know that is a that will have deep involvement of
exchange. But before going into these one by one, anything you feel
that is missing on this screen or we should not discuss from the
exchange perspective,
cash for liquidity, CPS suite, and then we have fraud and risk, and
then the administration part, the one that you see highlighted in
blue, that I have prioritized for our focus, because that is where I
think today that you know that is a that will have deep involvement of
exchange. But before going into these one by one, anything you feel
that is missing on this screen or we should not discuss from the
exchange perspective,

Unknown 1:05:20
DB, IQ, I not. I don't. I

Speaker 6 1:05:22
think that there's probably some things that we would classify as
products that aren't on this list, so I'd be happy to share those with

Speaker 3 1:05:36
you separately. So let's go with this, and then maybe, you know, if we
have more time then we will discuss those products. So the format we
want to run is if you go to the next slide. So this is a sample. I've
just repopulated it. All of this is made up. But for example, for
payments, we have this different kind of payments. So I will go
through each of these row items we have prefilled based on the
documentation the applications that we believe are supporting
following those capabilities. But then you see three columns that is
customer relationship manager or the front office, and then the middle
and the back office. So just want to get a quick feedback from the
customer standpoint, if there are any challenges or like they can do
the operation smoothly, straight through processing from the RM
standpoint, or from the middle and back office standpoint. If any of
these employee operations are not applicable, that is also fine. The
next one is the revenue, which is we want to understand whether any of
these services create is a sort of a revenue stream for you, because
that is an input for our business case, operations cost. You want to
classify it into medium low, high, like, what is the opportunity to
optimize the manual processing? And I will discuss the
standardization. And then, what is your priority to modernize these
different journeys. So this is the format, and we want to do it live
like any any question. No, we're good. Then let's start. Let's start
with the accounts and reporting. So the first one is account view.

Speaker 2 1:07:19
Just before that, can everyone read it? Do you want me to make it a
little bigger?

Unknown 1:07:23
Yes. Sorry. I just saw it on the screen. I realized. So,

Unknown 1:07:35
what are the three you have customer what's what

Speaker 3 1:07:39
are we calling that is the customer relationship manager of the front
office and the middle and the back office. Yep, sorry,

Unknown 1:07:50
I'll just take one second. Let's get
Unknown 1:07:54
it's okay. You delete these you

Unknown 1:07:57
can take. Let's do

Speaker 3 1:07:59
the first one is the account view, right? So from the customer
perspective, how easy and convenient it is for customer to look at
this accounts, or the portfolio of accounts, and

Speaker 6 1:08:15
I'd say low to medium, I don't think it has anything necessarily to do
with the

Unknown 1:08:24
portal or things that we can

Speaker 6 1:08:27
improve from a portal perspective, it has more to do with limitations
that we have in getting data to our dviq application, The vast
majority of the information reporting account view. Transactional
reporting is done in dviq services. Some of it is delivered on the
dashboard, but as you drill into services and accounts, most of that
is delivered through dpiq. The system has kind of a hybrid approach
for how

Unknown 1:09:05
transactions and balances and

Speaker 6 1:09:09
information reporting is delivered. It gets real time data from our
core and then it's also supplied data through files that are loaded to
the online banking services. And so we have kind of disparate views of
different types of data in different services. And so having more of a
consolidated view of all the information would be preferred. We have
an initiative going right now to do that, but because we get some of
our, you know, our our detail around our payments from downstream
systems or not, it's not on our core. It's difficult to consolidate
all that information and show it in a simplified

Speaker 3 1:09:57
Yeah. So especially like because customer can only access exchange
they cannot access, there is no DB IQ interface for them, right?

Speaker 6 1:10:07
Well, the services from DBI Q are incorporated

Speaker 3 1:10:11
into the portal as into the portal, okay?

Unknown 1:10:15
So here's the specific edge case.

Unknown 1:10:28
Experience. Do you use an internal

Unknown 1:10:34
database in DBQ or database?

Speaker 9 1:10:37
So dviq has like its own little database so it caches client account
information. So when we pull from there, it serves a cache and then
attempts to refresh balances. But there are plenty of cloud space now.
There are accounts that can come from ddiq, maybe from a different
data source, and it sounds like it may have some potential latency
challenges

Unknown 1:11:02
as well. Ddiq challenges as well dviq.

Speaker 3 1:11:06
I think the same is the case with the transaction reporting as well,
because then that is also coming from DB IQ, right? And then probably,
I'm assuming that that would be the high level details the
transactions are not properly enriched, yeah.

Speaker 6 1:11:20
I mean, within the dashboard, you can see basic balance in
transactional reporting. But if you want to see the enriched data, the
remittance that goes along with payments, in particular, there are
different there are different ediq services that you have to go to
look at and find that enriched data

Unknown 1:11:40
that come from downstream

Speaker 3 1:11:46
sources, I think from from the relationship manager perspective, are
they able to access this information which is not available? I mean,

Speaker 6 1:11:58
like frontline they can they have a user group in exchange if they
wanted to go look online. But there are lots of places. I mean, they
can look in internal bank systems if they want to look at transactions
or balances or accounts. They don't. They're not necessarily going to
exchange to do it, but they can have access. They have a user group in
the platform, view only access. But I would argue a lot of frontline,
like sales, are in folks. They're
Speaker 7 1:12:33
not looking in the application. I know they've started doing it more,
like more and more trainings I've done with the frontline. They've
been utilizing exchange more, but at the same time, we have the same
problem, if they're just not using the resources they have right in
front of them.

Speaker 10 1:12:48
Yeah. So are they using Exchange, or is it a different application,
like the internal like bank employees, like RMS or contact center?
What application do they use to service

Unknown 1:13:03
the client? RMS,

Unknown 1:13:06
our RMS and sales people are not servicing.

Speaker 10 1:13:10
So, for example, like, if a CFO column DARM and said that, like, I
want

Unknown 1:13:17
these reports, what is the they're gonna email, they're going to

Unknown 1:13:19
service, they are

Unknown 1:13:25
basically the bridge Between, yeah,

Unknown 1:13:39
organizationally, we don't want our GMOs

Unknown 1:13:44
in the systems servicing clients.

Unknown 1:13:52
They need service.

Speaker 3 1:13:56
In that case, then client needs to have direct access to your team,
right? What I understand is they're reaching out to you via RM or RMS.

Unknown 1:14:05
Do they have direct access to

Speaker 5 1:14:06
your team? Yeah, they know. As we have two different types teams, we
have a high profile team that dedicated support. They have direct
numbers, they know. And then the other one, they call a queue number
and
your team? Yeah, they know. As we have two different types teams, we
have a high profile team that dedicated support. They have direct
numbers, they know. And then the other one, they call a queue number
and

Speaker 3 1:14:17
maybe help find them, give you a part and then use something.

Speaker 10 1:14:22
And what's the application that you use to service the client? Do you
use the exchange itself,

Speaker 5 1:14:27
or is it so it depends. If a client asks me questions about a
transaction that occurred that they see an exchange, no way am I going
to exchange them? I'm not doing that. I'm going to go use impacts. I
like core. So you're talking about me. I'm used core. I'm used to
impacts. I would say 85% of the rest of the tcsp uses TPSS, which is
our other core, but it's poor. And so I'm gonna go do my research
there. Now, if they're asking me a question about why, why is this
report this way, or how, like, my balance isn't what I want it to be.
Why is my funds availability showing weird, like, whatever someone
collected and they can't figure out how to match it back? I'm still
not going to go use Exchange balance and reporting. I'm going to look
at that because I want to see what they see. So I want to understand,
okay, this is what they're talking to me about. Now I'm going to go
into core, and I'm going to figure out where that discrepancy lies,
and why is it reporting this way in exchange. And then from there, I
can tell them, Oh, well, it's showing like this because you made a
paper

Speaker 3 1:15:35
deposit, whatever you are reconciling between two to three different
systems. Say it again. You are reconciling between two to three
different systems, right?

Speaker 10 1:15:43
But it's also that, like, it's possible that, like, the data that the
client sees the customer sees is the data from DBA queue, right?
Because there's a internet database, whereas you do, you have access
to the DBA key if you do the research, right?

Speaker 5 1:15:59
Okay, yeah, but we're still not going to use that. We're going to use
our internal system, because the reporting in our internal system.

Unknown 1:16:08
But is that for dviq? Are you seeing it from the core?

Unknown 1:16:11
You're seeing it from the core, which is the source?
Unknown 1:16:16
Yes, which feeds dviq? Yeah.

Speaker 10 1:16:19
Sometimes like, if the data is not migrated properly, there might be
an issue. Well,

Speaker 9 1:16:28
so yeah, in that case, I'm sure she would eventually get to the point
where people look at the IQ and say, Viq and the host are not
matching, so it's clearly a problem with Viq. Yeah, that doesn't
happen all that often.

Unknown 1:16:45
But yes, that would be a next step in that case.

Speaker 1 1:16:47
I think it goes to the point, though, that people will take the path
of least resistance. The systems they know the best are the ones
they're going to use, and what they can get good information from. So
back to what was discussed earlier about easy filtering to access
information and to narrow down what you're looking for. You know, if,
if, if exchange offers a good filtering method to get us to the
variance, then that's what we would use. But if, if she's going to
find her variance in the core much faster to be able to help that
client more quickly, that's where she's going to go and then look up
instead of go there and look down, go to the previous Slide.

Speaker 3 1:17:38
So we talked about integrated searches in the morning. So lot of
system, lot of capabilities, but I don't think you have an integrated
search today where customer can use that universal search for anything
and everything.

Unknown 1:17:54
I don't know if I quite follow the question,

Speaker 3 1:17:58
so I think you only brought up that point of integrated search because
there are a lot of capabilities, lot of downstream systems, so there
should be one place where customer can search anything. It's like a
Google of exchange.

Speaker 2 1:18:20
Maybe elucidated it. They can see all of the data aggregated

Speaker 6 1:18:25
in exchange, but they may have to go to a couple services to get all
of the information. And to be fair, you can't get it on our core,
because our core doesn't have the information is in our pep system, or
that's in our wire system, and so today, exchange brings in files and
brings in real time calls to present the information across a couple
services that give that full picture. But we'd like it to be even more
incorporated into more singular use, like, I don't need to go to one
service to look at, you know, transaction activity. But if I want to
in exchange, but they may have to go to a couple services to get all
of the information. And to be fair, you can't get it on our core,
because our core doesn't have the information is in our pep system, or
that's in our wire system, and so today, exchange brings in files and
brings in real time calls to present the information across a couple
services that give that full picture. But we'd like it to be even more
incorporated into more singular use, like, I don't need to go to one
service to look at, you know, transaction activity. But if I want to
see the remittance associated to that wire transaction, I got to go
over here to this other service to look up that wire transaction. It
gives me all the expanded remittance that came along.

Speaker 3 1:19:20
And last one that I want to discuss on this one is, what is your
priority to modernize this your account views, or the transaction
reporting like as compared to all other the program services I showed
you on the last slide.

Speaker 6 1:19:34
So I mean, we have an active project, from an information reporting
perspective, to consolidate our transactional activity separate data
mart, and that will ultimately allow us to kind of simplify the number
of views that we expose online. Kind of limit the amount of clicks
that they have to go to different services where they can see more of
it in a similar view. But I think that will take us a year or more to
kind of incrementally improve.

Speaker 3 1:20:10
That is your internal initiative, internal development on on exchange.

Speaker 6 1:20:16
It's it ultimately will support our account and information reporting
on exchange, as well as our ability to deliver that same information
through other channels, whether

Unknown 1:20:30
it's secure FTP or some other digital

Unknown 1:20:35
delivery. Let's move to the

Unknown 1:20:38
next one. Next one is the payment solutions.

Unknown 1:20:43
First one is Ach,

Unknown 1:20:46
first, let's validate this. If I understand,

Speaker 3 1:20:51
we're talking about the applications which are covering. This is the
exchange approvals, DB, IQ, Ach, I'm not sure about the exchange
approvals. Is approvals with Exchange or with DB IQ. I think the
we're talking about the applications which are covering. This is the
exchange approvals, DB, IQ, Ach, I'm not sure about the exchange
approvals. Is approvals with Exchange or with DB IQ. I think the

Speaker 6 1:21:05
approval workflow lives in dB IQ, like you have your submitter, you
have your approver workflow. Those are all built into the DBI set of
services and

Speaker 10 1:21:20
dpiq set of services, does the transaction signing or set up. These
are all part of dpiq as well.

Speaker 3 1:21:31
And then also, I think enterprise alerts are also part of this
service, because when IC is submitted or approved,

Speaker 6 1:21:38
so enterprise Alerts is a is a native enterprise service where we're
taking both internally built alerts and alerts that we get throughout
the ddiq application, and We're delivering them through a singular
alert engine alert service. And so alerts encompass a lot of

Unknown 1:22:10
services. They're not specific to

Speaker 3 1:22:11
ACH any information reporting alerts, but like they're participating
in the ACH alerts.

Unknown 1:22:18
Okay. Do you support RTP,

Speaker 6 1:22:23
no, we are in the process of finishing our effort

Speaker 10 1:22:28
on our payment hub, and it will be our next

Speaker 6 1:22:33
same day. Ch, same day. Ach, we support

Unknown 1:22:39
today. We use the Fed for same

Speaker 10 1:22:40
day. Ach, yeah, but not the new initiative, right? The Fed now,

Speaker 6 1:22:45
fed now, instant payments. Yeah, we will support both the clearing
house and fed now Instant Payment Services.
Unknown 1:22:49
When we roll out that rail after we who's,

Speaker 10 1:22:58
who's your provider for payment? I know it's in 2020.

Unknown 1:23:03
Is it 2025?

Unknown 1:23:06
Initiative, payment hub, who's the who's the provider?

Speaker 3 1:23:12
Looking at ACH from the customer perspective, how would you rate the
customer experience?

Speaker 1 1:23:21
Like services? I think I mean medium to high. I think for the most
part, as far as their ability to initiate and execute their payments,
it's satisfactory.

Unknown 1:23:37
Any, any improvement areas that you might see, I

Speaker 1 1:23:39
think any, I think it just goes back to more reporting,

Speaker 3 1:23:43
more reporting just but ACH execution is fine. And from, I think rm
and fo, they don't have a role over here, right, because they are not
servicing. But the middle office and back office,

Speaker 1 1:23:58
back office is medium just because of the monitoring that they have to
do. We do have workarounds in place for them to be able to monitor the
exchange activity, just to make sure that as they reconcile, to make
sure everything's in balance daily. We have some workarounds to
support that. So I would say that's medium.

Unknown 1:24:24
And from the approval standpoint,

Speaker 3 1:24:27
the approval workflow is configurable for the ACH, and

Speaker 1 1:24:31
I think there's probably a little friction at times, because we
require it, and if they're trying to move faster at the last minute,
you know, but I think it serves its purpose.
Unknown 1:24:45
Okay? And

Speaker 3 1:24:48
do you make any revenue on ACH transactions?

Unknown 1:24:52
Yeah, does Treasury have a data and

Unknown 1:24:59
analytics team Power BI

Speaker 6 1:25:01
Christie's Few internal treasury,

Unknown 1:25:18
resources,

Speaker 1 1:25:20
we have some overlap too. Operations has some too that you know you
have depending on how you're digging into it, whether it's something
that's supported more by the Treasury side, or if you're watching at
an item level, it may actually be more in your operations.

Speaker 7 1:25:37
That's what we've done with the wealth side. We have a wealth team,
but we also work with operations. Is why I was asking, because I was
wondering if that could be what you needed. Like, there was some way
to get that consolidated.

Speaker 1 1:25:49
Like, internally, we use it. It's not delivered to the client. We use
it as a tool. If we have to deliver information to the client, we can
export it, but it's not something they have visibility.

Speaker 3 1:26:02
Yeah, but approval, especially from the standpoint of the
entitlements, right? Because the entitlements is in exchange, and then
ACH actually takes place on DB IQ, so that entitlement is in the sync.

Unknown 1:26:15
We it's very synced. It's very sync so

Unknown 1:26:18
and we have the ability to

Speaker 6 1:26:21
configure different workflows, different approval requirements,
different workflows, wherever now
Speaker 3 1:26:30
and from like before for middle office and back office before
reconciliation, there is not much involvement of

Unknown 1:26:38
middle Office and back office,

Unknown 1:26:40
right. So as far as setup,

Unknown 1:26:44
now, after setup, like the execution of ACH

Unknown 1:26:46
from the clients, yeah,

Speaker 3 1:26:50
there is no, yes, there's no no,

Speaker 3 1:26:59
going to online bill payment, so the applications which are supporting
it is Jack Henry and exchange entitlements. Is that correct? Any
anything else? No. So what

Unknown 1:27:18
is, what is the customer experience on this one?

Unknown 1:27:21
Like, I would say medium or medium

Unknown 1:27:26
to low. Yes, middle office low.

Speaker 6 1:27:28
I think middle office struggles with it a fair bit. No, it is a
business bill pay service that has granular entitlements. It's not,
it's not like a consumer bill pay service. You can't do payroll in it.
You can do payments in it. They can go they can submit whether they
want a paper payment, electronic payment, they want a

Unknown 1:27:58
payment to be processed as a card payment. And so

Speaker 6 1:28:05
I do know that we have had a fair bit of client feedback on the app
itself. And so I think it's, I think it's medium, medium to low from a
customer perspective. And back to Terry's point. I think, from middle
office perspective, they really struggle with it, because there's
limitations around reporting in that application
Unknown 1:28:30
that service providers have.

Speaker 6 1:28:40
From a servicing perspective, like there's no emulation in that
service. So if they're supporting it, it's a WebEx sharing of it.
There's a demo of it. So if you want to see how it works, you want to
walk through the steps of how they'll pay services work. There is a
there

Speaker 3 1:29:05
is a demo that's integrated into the exchange. Do you do the templated
build base, as in, you know, multiple build

Speaker 6 1:29:12
base through one template? Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a pretty robust
service, not anything like a consumer. Yeah? Beyond anything

Speaker 3 1:29:23
like a consumer and from this, like how often middle office and back
office have to get involved in this

Unknown 1:29:36
high it's a

Unknown 1:29:39
high volume, okay?

Unknown 1:29:45
Well, yeah, too, right. There's some

Speaker 6 1:29:50
bill pay is has a kind of a different angle of entitlements, where,
within it, you have to have, like, a primary contact for Bill Pay per
customer. And so if you know you can't have I don't know if you can
have two and if you know if your primary contact were to get let go or
something were to happen, there's a lot

Transcribed by https://-
